docs: frontend engineer interview (#2932)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/hiring/frontend-engineer-extensibility.md

# Frontend Engineer interview process for [Extensibility team](../web/extensibility/index.md)

1. You [apply](../../../company/careers.md#engineering).
1. [30 min] Recruiter screen
1. [45 min] **[HM intro call](./hm_intro_call.md)** with [Jean du Plessis](../../../company/team/index.md#jean-du-plessis-he-him), Director of Engineering: We chat with you about Sourcegraph and to find out what you are looking for in your next role.
1. [Up to 4 hrs] **[Async coding project](./software-engineer-coding-exercise.md)**: We will ask a general software problem. No framework or specific language knowledge is required. The solution will be blackbox tested but we will also review the code.
   - Reviewers: One member from the [extensibility team](../web/extensibility/index.md#members)

> 1. [1 hr] **Coding Project Follow up**: We review your coding project and dive deep on code.
> 1. [45 min] **System Design Problem**: We will ask a system design question to collect signals of solving real large scale problems. E.g. How would you implement Google Search?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [2 hrs] **Technical interviews**: 
   - [1 hr] We will give you feedback from our review and ask any follow-up questions
   - [15m] Break
   - [45 min] We will ask a system design question to collect signals of solving real large-scale problems. E.g. How would you implement Google Search?
```
